Refactor config infrastructure to be integrated with Thor (#659)
Shopify/tapioca: README.md

and do not forget to execute `tapioca` using `bundler`:

```shell

> $ bundle exec tapioca help

Reviewer: Note for later: find a way to check/automate this

  --out, -o, [--outdir=directory]                # The output directory for generated RBI files
                                                 # Default: sorbet/rbi/dsl
          [--file-header], [--no-file-header]    # Add a "This file is generated" header on top of each generated RBI file
                                                 # Default: true
          [--only=generator [generator ...]]     # Only run supplied DSL generators
          [--exclude=generator [generator ...]]  # Exclude supplied DSL generators
          [--verify], [--no-verify]              # Verifies RBIs are up-to-date
  -q, [--quiet], [--no-quiet]                    # Supresses file creation output
  -w, [--workers=N]                              # EXPERIMENTAL: Number of parallel workers to use when generating RBIs
                                                 # Default: 1
  -c, [--config=<config file path>]              # Path to the Tapioca configuration file
                                                 # Default: sorbet/tapioca/config.yml
  -V, [--verbose], [--no-verbose]                # Verbose output for debugging purposes

generate RBIs for dynamic methods
```
## Configuration

> Tapioca has support for loading command defaults from a configuration file. The default configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tapioca supports loading command defaults from a configuration file. The default configuration
```

file location is `sorbet/tapioca/config.yml` but this default can be changed using the `--config` flag
and supplying an alternative configuration file path.

A configuration file must be a well-formed YAML file with top-level keys for the various Tapioca commands. Keys under each such top-level command should be the underscore version of a long option name for that command and the value for that key should be the value of the option.

For example, if you always want to generate gem RBIs with inline documentation, then you would create the file `sorbet/tapioca/config.yml` as:

```yaml
gem:
  docs: true
```

> Additionally, if you always wanted to exclude the `AASM` and `ActiveRecordFixtures` DSL compilers in your DSL RBI generation runs, your config file would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you always want to exclude the `AASM` and `ActiveRecordFixtures` DSL compilers in your DSL RBI generation runs, your config file would then look like this:
```
